README.md, before:

## React Dashboard — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" admin dashboard template
built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/) (with **Server Side Rendering**!),
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) and [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) based on
[React Starter Kit](https://www.reactstarterkit.com) and latest industry best practices.

[Demo](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards/react-dashboard/demo). Use following credentials: user/password.

[![react-dashboard](screenshot.png)](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards/react-dashboard/demo)

This seed project is a sort of a free version of a template that may be found on
[Themeforest](https://themeforest.net/category/site-templates/admin-templates)
or [Wrapbootstrap](https://wrapbootstrap.com/themes/admin) with working backend integration.
You may use it to bootstrap the development of your next web app.


## Features
* React
* Server Side Rendering
* Mobile friendly layout (responsive)
* React Router
* Bootstrap3
* GraphQL
* Nodejs backend inegration
* Sass styles
* Webpack build
* Stylish, clean, responsive layout
* Lots of utility css classes for rapid development (flatlogic css set)
* Authentication
* CRUD operations examples
* Browsersync for the ease of development

## Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Dashboard on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-dashboard -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

#### 2. Run `yarn install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `yarn start`

This command will build the app from the source files (`/src`) into the output
`/build` folder. As soon as the initial build completes, it will start the
Node.js server (`node build/server.js`) and [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
with [HMR](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement) on top of it.

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server (`build/server.js`)<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>
> [http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/) — BrowserSync proxy with HMR, React Hot Transform<br>
> [http://localhost:3002/](http://localhost:3002/) — BrowserSync control panel (UI)

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

For more info please refer to [getting started](./docs/getting-started.md) guide to download and run the project (Node.js >= 6.5)

## Support
For any additional information please refer to [Flatlogic homepage](https://flatlogic.com).

## How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- [Tweet about it](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Amazing%20dashboard%20built%20with%20NodeJS,%20React%20and%20Bootstrap!&url=https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard&via=flatlogic).
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow [@flatlogic on Twitter](https://twitter.com/flatlogic).
- Subscribe to Flatlogic newsletter at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/)
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/flatlogic/) :thumbsup:

## Premium themes
Looking for premium themes and templates? Check out more [admin dashboard templates at flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) and another [MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE-react-starter-kit.txt) from RSK.

Commit message:

remade project on create-react-app (#22)
* initial commit with history

* update gitignore, readme and user actions, removed useless comments

* readme markup fixes

* added section to readme.md, how to configure db

* fix readme markup

README.md, after:

## React Dashboard — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" admin dashboard template
built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/),
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) and [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) based on
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and latest industry best practices.

[Demo](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards/react-dashboard/demo). Use following credentials: user/password.

[![react-dashboard](screenshot.png)](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards/react-dashboard/demo)

This seed project is a sort of a free version of a template that may be found on
[Themeforest](https://themeforest.net/category/site-templates/admin-templates)
or [Wrapbootstrap](https://wrapbootstrap.com/themes/admin) with working backend integration.
You may use it to bootstrap the development of your next web app.


## Features
* React
* Mobile friendly layout (responsive)
* React Router
* Bootstrap3
* GraphQL
* Nodejs backend inegration
* Sass styles
* Stylish, clean, responsive layout
* Lots of utility css classes for rapid development (flatlogic css set)
* Authentication
* CRUD operations examples

## Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Dashboard on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-dashboard -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

#### 2. Run `yarn install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `yarn dev`

This command will start the app with simultaneously with express server,
set up your database, start local server XAMPP, opensever, or other tool
to start database, connect to it in file 
```shell
src > data > sequelize.js.
```
Also go to  
```shell
src > data > schema.js 
```
and enable mutation. This preparation
will enable to realize CRUD operations locally

### 4. How to create db

Create db. For instance name it "sequelize" and add posts table to it,
your table should have same structure as you can see on the screenshot
<br>
![table structure](table.png)

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

For more info please refer to [getting started](./docs/getting-started.md) guide to download and run the project (Node.js >= 6.5)

## Support
For any additional information please refer to [Flatlogic homepage](https://flatlogic.com).

## How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- [Tweet about it](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Amazing%20dashboard%20built%20with%20NodeJS,%20React%20and%20Bootstrap!&url=https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard&via=flatlogic).
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow [@flatlogic on Twitter](https://twitter.com/flatlogic).
- Subscribe to Flatlogic newsletter at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/)
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/flatlogic/) :thumbsup:

## Premium themes
Looking for premium themes and templates? Check out more [admin dashboard templates at flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/admin-dashboards).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) and another [MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE-react-starter-kit.txt) from RSK.
